Dear Dr. Vinod,
We place on record our heartfelt gratitude for your continuous efforts in designing the National Level FDP programs – ‘Data Analysis through SPSS’, in house FDPs on the same subject and FDPs on Excel for faculty members repeatedly. The recent National Level MDP on ‘Business Analytics with R and Python’ was well received by faculty members and working professionals from the industry alike and has left us with positive enquires.
The ideas nurtured, guidance offered, papers reviewed during all the conferences, working as session chair during the conferences and the sessions conducted  for teaching and learning communities - all have made a difference. Thank you for all the above and many more activities such as guiding faculty members through data analysis of their research work (Dr. Madhavi R, Ms. Smita S K, etc.), guest lectures for PG Commerce students, etc. 
The new ideas designed include National Level MDP/FDPs on ‘Data Visualization and Spreadsheet Modeling’, MDP on ‘Business Analytics with Python’, etc. which will undoubtedly be the new feathers in the cap adorning the work of the University.
Research activities define a University’s quality of work and all the above have contributed positively. We wish many more such successful programs and laurels to you in the years to come.
Regards,
Dr. B A Vasu
Center Head
School of Commerce-JU
Ph: +91-80-46501728/739
E-mail: vasu.ba@jainuniversity.ac.in
Website: www,jainuniversity.ac.in 

Respected Dr Vasu, 
Thank you very much for your kind words and acknowledgement, sir. 
Actually, all those FDPs/MDPs/Workshops/Conferences were engineered perfectly because of your foresightedness and thought leadership! It was a perfect ensemble of Conceptual Understanding and Demonstration of Technical Skills. Moreover, not only me, but entire I Nurture team enjoy working with you because of your passionate leadership and a strong desire of positioning the university with remarkable academic edge. 
Sir, it goes without saying that as a knowledge worker, I used to achieve tremendous satisfaction and happiness while doing such high end academic projects under your fabulous leadership and eagerly looking forward for such class assignments. 
With Warm Regards,
